Blogging.
So let's try to accomplish.
Do snapshot that's mean.
We get our a good configuration and as a virtual machine then we want to delete all the available snapshot.
So of course we got to do snapshots.
So this option management snapshot tools take us to this tape right.
It is the same.
No we are in the snapshot.
Number three that's mean editing that exists right.
No we want to finish it.
Naturally we want to keep the file number one and number two the application number one and number two
all work perfectly without any problem.
So we simply click on the virtual machine snapshot.
And in this time we're not going to chose revert to the latest snapshot or we can create.
Click on this display right here.
That's munity exist in this one.
Of course we have option to delete the snapshot or this one.
Let's do it.
Firstly what is on that snapshot you can edit it if you want to change the name of it.
It's not part.
No but you can't delete a specific snapshot for any reason.
For example you have to not show that work particularly for you and this snapshot already exists or
you don't need it you simply click on the X right there.
Are you sure you want to delete snapshot.
That's called snapshot talk.
There are two glitches.
So the fight of this one will be deleted without any problem.
The MoVida snapshot that's Galut not trot zero to from the disk so head as it's deleted without any
problem.
Then of course we are writing out the option right here is integration about this one.
If we click action revert it did not route or delete Aldo's natural when we chose dilates others not
to will delete snapchat.
Number three the snapshot number to the snapshot number one Adwan keep the data that exists when you're
out here.
That's mean in it it's happened after taking the truck number three will be still available and service
for the machine.
So for example head we click on your line of
config Saudi like that's
me mean we make the final configuration on this machine and it works perfectly.
So if we're back to this one and click on this machine snapshot the late Aldo's not shook.
No we are going to use the original disk as our men disk for read and write.
So when we are right that doesn't mean we stay right where we work all to the level of the disk delta-V
in a tree when we delete.
How does NOT produce it will delete all the Delta disk after consolidates all do change from the disk
in the original disk.
So let's try it not Schult the lets us not build this will consolidate and remove as much load for this
virtual machine does not will be consolidated to a single disk.
Do you want to continue.
Yes.
Does it take a little time more than taking us.
Because it is information about how much is natural to you have more a snapshot you have more faith
in text because the latest one would have big size of the snapshot because it will take a chance on
this one.
And civets on this one.
Then all the change in this they'll that this.
Copy them and consolidate this one and so on and so injured original ideas.
So you are here without having any data.
If we were back to the store and in the virtual machine Windows XP we found that Delta decie delete
it and all the information was not deleted.
And of course it's click on do this one we can get loaded.
If we back to this one the file still available without any problem.
The virtual machine is not disconnected because the change up on Abdula of the hard disk and other data
that loaded into RAM didn't touch it with the snapshot.
So the file still available.
And no we can't box to any snapshot because we decided to delete all the fight off the snapshot.
So how does it if we check any games available.
We have the original VM the top pages of right and we do not have any information about another Dickey
or about our Snapchat fight.
So this is the idea of deleting the snapshot.
This one still have the snapshot had has it is why it is part of and you are here in this one.
You see the disk usage is about 1 megabytes because this one has zero megabytes Indurain it's only have
the information about the new disk and the data or the snapshot it's it out.
So that's we have only one gigabyte of the disk but this one is not of any snapshot yet.
So this is the defendant's option or the snapshot.
Please try to make some it's not what you seek or revert to latest snapshot is not readable.
No because we have Xerox snapshots available.
So I request you to make some snapshot.
Some situations are just not true.
You can create as much as you want others not try to revert back to one of them try to revert to up
to do you want and so on and so on.
And please share some screen capture of your practice with us so we can discover some striation so see
in the next section that we'll going to discover a moderate future of the VM we see in the next review.